Welcome to the section on VPC.
So VPC stands for virtual private cloud and this is going
to be just a small crash course.
VPC is quite complicated to be honest and this is something
you should know in-depth if you are going for the AWS
Certified Solutions Architect Associate certification
or the AWS Certified SysOps Administrator
Associate certification.
At the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner level
there need to know about a few about a few concepts
but at a high level and what they're used for.
So this includes VPC, Subnets, Internet Gateways,
and NAT Gateways, Security Groups, Network ALC or NACL,
and VPC Flow Logs, VPC Peering and VPC Endpoints,
Site to Site VPN and Direct Connect,
and finally Transit Gateway.
I'm going to give you an overview of all these things.
This represents less than one or two questions
at your CCP exam.
And then we'll have a look at the default VPC
created by default by AWS for you.
This is going to be our hands-on.
We're not going to create our VPC from scratch.
At the end of this section there is a summary lecture
to explain what each of these services lined up above do
and what they are.
And it's okay if you don't understand it all.
Hopefully that summary lecture should do it for you.
And don't worry, the exam is quite high-level on VPC
so if you pay attention to this lecture
and this section closely, you should be good to go.
Okay, that's it.
I hope you're excited and I will see you
in the next lecture.